Excellences. Ladies and gentlemen, we are facing an unprecedented global challenge of stoping the COVID-19 Pandemic and protecting our people. This is not only a health crisis, but also a social and economic one with long term impact on many aspects of our lives. It is a cris that requires close cooperation of each and every one of us. Let me be clear poland will continue to stand with the international community in the struggle against the coronavirus and its harmful effects. Poland has always been a responsible and reliable partner in the area of global health security. We have proven that by actively collaborating with other countries regarding relocation of international citizens. During the early stage of global lockdown, the Polish government and our airlines lot organized about 400 evacuation flights. We also helped our friends and partners from the European Union, the United States, Japan, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, Ukraine, Turkey and South Korea to safely return home. Thanks to our actions, more than 2000 persons reached their destination safe and sound. Poland has been supporting the global vaccination effort through the COVAX mechanism. But we are also acting on our own, helping those in need on bilateral basis. We know that in order to save lives, the vaccines against COVID-19 must be distributed as soon as possible, especially to those who require them most urgently. We understand that very well. That is why we have already provided over 6 million doses of vaccines to other countries, including but not exclusive to Ukraine, Vietnam, Spain, Australia, Portugal or Norway. I assure you Poland will continue doing so on an European level. Polish government is actively engaged in adjusting EU policies to the health, social and economic challenges. It is in that spirit that in my letter to the President and Head of the EU countries in April last year, I proposed steps for international cooperation, a plan for Europe's reaction to the Pandemic. Moreover, standing and responding in solidarity with our eastern neighbors, we strive to become an EU Aid Coordinator for the Eastern Partnership countries. Within the vishakrad group. We provide support in a fight against COVID-19 to the authorities and people of Libya. Ladies and gentlemen, I call on all of us to provide assistance to people affected by the Pandemic, especially those in developing countries and conflict affected areas. Human life matters. We stand ready to join forces and do anything it takes to protect life, both in Poland and around the world. You can count on us.