Excellences ladies and gentlemen, please accept the greetings of my King, Queen and the people of Bhutan. I would like to begin by offering prayers for all the precious lives lost to the pandemic. None of us here imagined that our generation would have to face a pandemic of this nature. We have suffered together and we will rebuild ourselves together. It is very thoughtful of President Biden to initiate this summit with this timely team for Bhutan. Our fight against COVID-19 is spearheaded by our King. His Majesty worked tirelessly with care and compassion on one hand and science and wisdom on the other. Pivoted on the principles of Gross National Happiness the nation worked in unity to ensure collective wellbeing in the times of the pandemic. Our constitution mandates the state to provide free health care and education for all Bhutanese and so, though a resource constraint country, our people did not have to worry about medical bills or services for either the pandemic or the routine health care riding on the existing healthcare infrastructure. Our COVID-19 interventions were effective and vaccination drive was a success with over 80% coverage here, I would like to thank our supporters for all the support and vaccines in particular, this includes Mr. Biden's generous support. Thank you all very much. We were cautious that the pandemic could distract us from the routine healthcare services. With concerted effort and sensitive health seeking behavior of our people, we ensured the services were seamless. In addition to the routine vaccination program, we introduced HPV vaccines for the first time for all our boys and flu shots for everyone. Amid the pandemic, we also launched a nationwide program on prevention and early detection of the three most common cancers in the country stomach, breast and cervical cancers. undistrupted routine healthcare services will help ensure rapid recovery from the pandemic. As we move forward and look at building back better, I feel we must ensure two aspects. The first is the need for a robust healthcare governance and infrastructure. Quality health care must be easily accessible and affordable by everyone. A resilient health system is the cornerstone of a healthy nation and our King has always emphasized that free quality health care and education are the most efficient social equalizers. The second is the revival of our economy with the devastations caused by the pandemic, not all countries can effort to enter into the new normal easily. This pandemic has enforced norms and limitations that have rendered many skills and jobs irrelevant. In forging our way into post pandemic world, we must identify and proactively work on newer skills. Otherwise many nations and millions of people will be rendered jobless. They would mostly be women, youth and people lacking proper skills. This takes us back to the leadership. I would like to share that my King is using the pandemic as a reset button to identify relevant industries and introducing mass skilling and reskilling projects for our people. I'll be happy to share these details at other relevant forums. Excellencies, we can forge our new path only through collective efforts. And this forum is one such place. I thank President Biden for bringing all of us today here. I wish you all the best. I thank you and tashi dele.