Excellences. COVID-19 has brought in its wake unprecedented levels of difficulties for us all. It continues to be even more devastating, particularly with the onset of the fourth wave and the outbreak of new variants of the virus in most parts of the world world. Its negative impact has heightened and worsened the exogenous shocks affecting Ghana and the continent of Africa. However, far from be viewing this situation as a disaster before which we are powerless, we must embrace fully the lessons it teaches us, as well as the direction to which it is pointing us. In particular, for us in Africa has given us a good sense of how important it is to strengthen our unity and solidarity and has provided us with the motivation to be self reliant. Our first priority in Ghana has been the health and safety of our citizens. We've pioneered life saving innovations that who has since sought to replicate elsewhere. Our relative success thus far is a testament to the tireless work of our researchers, scientists, advisors, public health managers, frontline, health care workers, hospital staff, contact tracers and so many others who have dedicated themselves to the fight to keep Ghanaians safe. Whilst supporting the COVAX initiative, we are nonetheless venturing into vaccine development and production to make Ghana vaccine manufacturing hub in the region. In order to achieve selfsufficiency in vaccine production. To meet future national and regional needs, COVID-19 has provided us with the opportunity to resolve some long standing problems in the health sector. We have hence taken steps to resolve the problem of infrastructure deficit in the health care system with the inception of what we call agenda one one One, which is the building of hospitals around the country. For those districts without hospitals. We will also continue to abide strictly by the COVID-19 safety protocols, for we're determined to rid our country and continent of this pernicious virus. Thank you for your attention.