On behalf of the government and people of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago I wish to thank the Honorable Joseph R. Biden, Jr. President of the United States of America, for the invitation to participate in this Global Leader summit for COVID-19. I welcome this initiative as Trinidad and Tobago and the Caribbean community have been advocating for a global summit to address equitable access to COVID-19 vaccines since earlier this year. With the emergence in late 2019 of this pathogen we have seen disruption of every facet of global life and it is likely to be with us for some time according to the most optimistic predictions. These facts serve to underscore the importance of working together with likeminded governments and organizations as we advance efforts to vaccinate our populations, save lives and rebuild more resilient economies and societies. I join with you all today in committing Trinidad and Tobago to this global vaccination effort. On the subject of vaccines, trinidad and Tobago has been very fortunate to have received the support of the United States, Canada, India, China, South Africa and the African Union and fellow CARICOM countries in sourcing over a million doses of COVID-19 vaccines through donations and purchase. When just a few months ago we were among many smaller states which were unable to place ourselves in the queue for this life saving therapy. I take this opportunity to publicly thank the Biden administration for the over 300,000 pfizer vaccine doses Trindad and Tobago has received so far. This support and the expansion of global vaccine supplies has meant that Trindad and Tobago has been able to fully vaccinate over 400,000 persons including persons aged twelve years. Our government remains committed to reaching its target of vaccinating 70% of the eligible population by the end of 2021 and continues to support measures aimed at saving both lives and livelihoods as we seek to end this courage in our country. In closing, I take this opportunity to renew best wishes to the Government of the United States of America for its welcomed, resolute leadership in coordinating this gathering of governments and organizations at a critical junction the global fight against COVID-19. May success attend our every effort.