You, Mr. President. My dear friends, over a year into the outbreak of COVID pandemic, our countries are still grappling with its far reaching implications on lives, livelihoods and economies. So I thank President Biden for bringing us together today to build a more cohesive and coordinated international response. It has become clear that deadly global diseases can be defeated only by a global campaign. 3rd, 4th or fifth COVID waves in any one country would soon have an impact far beyond its borders. We as the international community have an interest and a moral responsibility to end the divisions between the health rich and the health poor. This means equitable global vaccine distribution and greater knowledge sharing. And it means helping others to help ourselves. Jordan is grateful for the support from friends around the world in boosting our vaccine supplies and enhancing our medical capacities. We also remain committed to doing our part. We continue to boost our capacity to manufacture PPEs and other medical supplies to cover our needs and support others in the region and beyond. We have also been constructing field hospitals fully equipped to handle COVID cases and are ready to dispatch them to friends in need. Our country was among the first in the world to bring free vaccines to refugees we host, and with the availability of vaccines, it becomes every individual's responsibility to get vaccinated and protect themselves and their loved ones. No one should suffer and die when there is another way. Our vaccination drive will continue in earnest to build immunity against this disease among Jordanians and refugees alike, and enable us to begin a gradual economic recovery. All the while, we are deeply aware that we cannot make a full recovery as long as others continue to suffer. Instead of mere bandaid solutions, we are all better served investing in a sustainable, long term infrastructure that enables us to move quickly to nip any future threats in the bud. Jordan is ready to work with you to build a concentrated international response to global pandemics, to exchange information and expertise, and allow the distribution of precious medical supplies to those that need them the most. One country acting alone cannot succeed. We can't come out of this as a global community, stronger and better prepared to deal with any future outbreaks of new diseases. Let our actions count.