Africa was probably the first region in the world to recognize two important things about the defeat of this pandemic. First of all, we need to work together. The African nations, in an unprecedented move, came together to create a common platform for all African countries, all 55 nations, to vaccinate 60% of their people. And we're joined in this effort by the Caribbean nations because we accepted that you cannot defeat this on your own. We have to work together. We accepted that it is necessary, based on science, to vaccinate 60% to 70% of our population. The challenge for us has really been twofold. Since December, we have sought to acquire vaccines. We are part of the COVAX initiative. That initiative was based on a commitment from the donors that they were willing to meet 50% of what we were trying to achieve by delivering 750,000,000 doses before December. To date, we have only received 71 million doses, less than 10% of what we were promised. In terms of the other 50%. As Africa, we took it upon it ourselves. That was our responsibility to raise the money to go out and buy vaccines. We raised over $2 billion by December. But the manufacturers categorically told us that all the vaccines available for 2021 had been presold to a number of countries. They told us that there were option agreements with those countries which prohibited them from making any vaccines available in any volume in 2021. Therefore, the challenge is clear. If we are getting to 70%, we were the first to say, you have to get there. The issue for us is access. Access. We have no access through the donor initiative called COVAX. We have no access through purchasing because all the major manufacturers say that their contracts are locked up, their capacity is locked up. So if we are to get assistance to access vaccines right now, we need vaccines before Christmas if we are to avoid another catastrophic wave. Therefore, we appeal to those countries that have purchased vaccines that perhaps you may consider adjusting some of the terms around your contracts so that supplies can become available, so that people like me who have been sent to help negotiate and purchase vaccines can have access so that our people may have access. Thank you very much.